hi this is Pam dinner I would like to
share with you the definition of a
global content marketing my teenage son
thought it was pretty cool that i
published a book Global Content
Marketing he only vaguely knows that
it's a marketing book he didn't bother
to find out until recently which is one
a half years after the book was
published he finally asked me what
exactly is global content marketing so
rather than giving him a formal
definition right away I asked him what
he usually does when he is interested in
purchasing a product or a service and he
told me that he was searched the name of
the product research relevant content on
the internet and he would talk to
friends family and peers and after that
he would do more search and research and
then he will make a decision so I told
him anything that he finds on the
Internet can be called content
so I like this definition from Erin in
the web industry anything that conveys
meaningful information to human it's
called content
so that's good so what about content
marketing and if you search content
marketing definitions they are a lot of
blog posts will come up and I found
these two are fairly comprehensive one
by Joe pulizzi six useful content
marketing definitions the Alouettes by
Heidi colon content marketing
definitions by 21 experts so check them
out for content marketing definition I
found this one resonates with me the
most the process of developing and
sharing relevant valuable and engaging
content to target audience with the goal
of acquiring new customers or increasing
business from existing customers so what
about global content marketing well why
don't we build on top of that Global
Content Marketing the process of
developing and sharing relevant valuable
and engaging content to target audience
across regions with the goal of
acquiring new customers or increasing
business from existing customers
globally or the target countries that
you are going after so that's pretty
much the definition of a global content
marketing if you want to find out the
specific process associated with Global
Content Marketing I created one pager
and you can go to bit ly forward slash
for p1 pager to download that the 4p so
you can get a sense of what that is or
you can check out my book go to bit ly
photo / global content marketing
marketing spells as M K T G so check
that out so that's the definition of
global counter marketing for today if
you have any questions feel free to
reach out to me through Twitter
Pam dinner thank you so much bye-bye